when I showed you the side view of the
ipod touch I was keeping a secret I
showed you the clean side let me show
you the other side see there's something
in that upper corner it's an antenna
because we've built in Wi-Fi to the new
ipod touch we're very very excited about
this Safari built into iPod touch so we
can actually use that Wi-Fi network
first time ever on a music player to
have a browser like this built-in we
didn't want to stop there though because
we love entertainment and so what better
way to provide even more entertainment
than millions of free videos on youtube
so we're building youtube it is one more
thing if you'll bear with us for a few
more minutes you might have noticed that
there's an empty spot there on that dock
of the new ipod touch what could that
possibly be for you might ask well it's
for a new application we've written for
the ipod touch it's called the itunes
Wi-Fi music store
finally some of you are saying it's so
cool the new itunes Wi-Fi music store is
going to be available internationally in
every one of those 22 countries that
itunes operates in and we're going to do
something else too we're going to bring
it to the iphone it's going to come
it's going to come to the iphone a
little later this month with an iphone
software update a free software update
everybody with an iphone is going to get
it too and you can start buying songs on
your iPhone and have them delivered
right to the iphone have them sink back
up to itunes on your computer the next
time you dock your iphone and i cannot
tell you how much pleasure it gives me
today to announce that we've got a great
partnership with starbucks that we're
announcing today starbucks we want
starbucks it's incredible phenomenon in
our culture and a lot of us are great
customers and what we want to be able to
do is combine our great iPods and our
love of music with their great coffee
and their love of music and we found an
incredible way to do that because in the
new itunes Wi-Fi store when you get near
a participating starbucks with their own
Wi-Fi network automatically a fifth
button is going to pop up in the store
with the starbucks logo on it and you're
going to be able to push that and go
into it and see something like this now
the first thing is you may have been
into starbucks a lot of times when
you're running what cool song is that
that they're playing well now you're not
only going to know what that song is but
you can buy it with one tap of your
finger and download it right